1.Priority

1-Critical
2- High
3- Moderate
4- low
5 - Planning


2. Support level(IE?)

0-TE
1-IE

Assignment Group



3. Automation Pickup time range

1-05 min or less
2- 5 to 15mins
3- 30mins or more

4. Automation pickup in <5 mins?

0-No
1-Yes


5. IE category

0- Escalated to Technical Expert
1- Platform Resolved

6. Parent or child(Parent?)
0-No
1- Yes

7. Cluster

1- Cluster 1
2- Cluster 2
3- Cluster 3
4- 0n-EU

8. Assignment group : highest and other places too
1- L1
2- L2
3- L3
4- PE RBA
5- MH_CTS_WINTEL
6- GIDC-OPS()
7- HiveCen0r
8- MH_CTS_DATABASE


If we are getting positive positive correlation, then that will mean that the two columns values are increasing together in the same direction or decreasin together, ie they are moving in the same direction with eatheother.

If the correlation is negative, that will mean that they two columns values are moving in opposite direction.

When the value is closer to zero, it means that two column values are moving independently.

The values of correlation should not be compared. It will depend on their means. Only their signs or their closeness to zero can be considered.


The problem with covariance is that it keeps the scale of the variables X and Y, and therefore can take on any value. This makes interpretation difficult and comparing covariances to each other impossible. For example, Cov(X, Y)  = 5.2 and Cov(Z, Q) = 3.1 tell us that these pairs are positively associated, but it is difficult to tell whether the relationship between X and Y is stronger than Z and Q without looking at the means and distributions of these variables. This is where correlation becomes useful — by standardizing covariance by some measure of variability in the data, it produces a quantity that has intuitive interpretations and consistent scale.

The closer ? is to 1, the more an increase in one variable associates with an increase in the other. On the other hand, the closer ? is to -1, the increase in one variable would result in decrease in the other. Note that if X and Y are independent, then ? is close to 0, but not vice versa! In other words, Pearson correlation can be small even if there is a strong relationship between two variables. We will see shortly how this can be the case. 
